Fixes DOCS-176 by adding info on batch ingestion job types (#252)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: configuration-reference/job-specification.md

| executionFrameworkSpec   | Contains config related to the executor to use to ingest data. See [Execution Framework Spec](job-specification.md#execution-framework-spec)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | jobType                  | <p>Type of job to execute. The following types are supported</p><ul><li><code>SegmentCreation</code></li><li><code>SegmentTarPush</code></li><li><code>SegmentUriPush</code></li><li><code>SegmentMetadataPush</code></li><li><code>SegmentCreationAndTarPush</code>: When you are using NFS or similar that sits behind a controller and you are unable to externally copy segments there, this pushes the segment payload.</li><li><code>SegmentCreationAndUriPush</code>: When using deepstore, this creates the segment on the deepstore and pushes the URI to the controller, the controller then downloads the segment to extract the metadata from the URI and copies to the final destination.</li><li><code>SegmentCreationAndMetadataPush</code>: When using deepstore, this is the most efficient as the segment payload does not have to pass through the controller.</li></ul><p><strong>Note:</strong> For production environments where Pinot Deep Store is configured, it's recommended to use <strong>SegmentCreationAndMetadataPush</strong></p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| jobType   | <p>Type of job to execute. The following types are supported</p><ul><li><code>SegmentCreation</code></li><li><code>SegmentTarPush</code></li><li><code>SegmentUriPush</code></li><li><code>SegmentMetadataPush</code></li><li><code>SegmentCreationAndMetadataPush</code>: (Recommended for production environments where Pinot deep store is configured): Use this job to bypass the controller, and send the segment payload directly to the data store.</li><li><code>SegmentCreationAndUriPush</code>: (Alternative option if Pinot deep store is configured) Use this job to create the segment on the deep store, push the URI to the controller to download the segment, extract metadata from the URI, and copy the data to deep store.</li><li><code>SegmentCreationAndTarPush</code>: If you use Network File System (NFS) or something that sits behind a controller, and are unable to externally copy segments to the data store, use this job to push the segment payload.</li>
```

Reviewer: unclear how the first 4 jobs (SegmentCreation, SegmentTarPush, SegmentUriPush, SegmentMetadataPush) align with the last 3 jobs with descriptions (SegmentCreationAndMetadataPush, SegmentCreationAndUriPush, SegmentCreationAndTarPush)

if we are describing the same jobs here (and maybe there's a typo?), think we can combine into one list

Author: There are 7 jobs total. Four of them involve a single action. The last three are combinations of the first and one of #s 2, 3, or 4. So, the list is solid. Looking through your other suggestions expecting they will be valuable. :)

Reviewer: ah, I see, perhaps it'd be more clear/parallel if they all had descriptions?

> | jobType                  | <p>Type of job to execute. The following types are supported</p><ul><li><code>SegmentCreation</code></li><li><code>SegmentMetadataPush</code></li><li><code>SegmentTarPush</code></li><li><code>SegmentUriPush</code></li><li><code>SegmentCreationAndMetadataPush</code>: When using deepstore, this is the most efficient as the segment payload does not have to pass through the controller.</li><li><code>SegmentCreationAndTarPush</code>: When you are using NFS or similar that sits behind a controller and you are unable to externally copy segments there, this pushes the segment payload.</li><li><code>SegmentCreationAndUriPush</code>: When using deepstore, this creates the segment on the deepstore and pushes the URI to the controller, the controller then downloads the segment to extract the metadata from the URI and copies to the final destination.</li></ul><p><strong>Note:</strong> For production environments where Pinot Deep Store is configured, it's recommended to use <strong>SegmentCreationAndMetadataPush</strong></p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: I think we should tweak the passive note, and clean up the grammar--I added suggestions [here](https://github.com/pinot-contrib/pinot-docs/pull/252/files/1dd1cd0659a87770bff8c091480366d7f71b63d6#r1366218111)

Author: Edited, thank you!
